0 notifications
I'm looking for…


Home
10
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
20
Notifications


Me

For Business
Claim 1 free month of Premium Page


Trevor Price

Impact Entrepreneur


Pending
Message
Experience

Columbia University's M.S. in Nonprofit Management logo
Graduate Student

Columbia University's M.S. in Nonprofit Management · Full-time

Sep 2025 - Present · 8 mos

New York City Metropolitan Area · On-site

Student (and likely the oldest!) in the Columbia MS program in Nonprofit Management.  My focus throughout the program and beyond will be on working with early-stage nonprofit/double-bottom-line entrepreneurs in healthcare, education, climate, and labor dynamics, including transitions from incarceration.  

Oxeon logo
Chairman & Founder

Oxeon · Full-time

Nov 2011 - Present · 14 yrs 6 mos

New York City Metropolitan Area

Oxeon is a specialized professional services and investments firm that builds and accelerates the growth of impactful healthcare tech and services businesses. Our primary mission at Oxeon is To Make People Healthier. We achieve our mission in three core ways: recruiting world-class executives into our clients and portfolio companies, investing in transformative healthcare companies, and building de novo businesses to address the problems plaguing our healthcare system.

American Rivers logo
Member Board of Directors

American Rivers · Part-time

Jan 2024 - Present · 2 yrs 4 mos

Honored to serve on the American Rivers Board of Directors.  We keep rivers healthy and free while ensuring people have the water they need by protecting wild rivers, restoring damaged rivers and conserving clean water for people and nature.

I serve on the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee and on the American Rivers Northwest Rockies River Council; focusing on rebuilding, protecting and/or preserving the amazing headwaters and rivers of Montana, Wyoming and Idaho.

Hopscotch Health logo
Co-Founder

Hopscotch Health · Part-time

Sep 2021 - Present · 4 yrs 8 mos

Chicago, Illinois, United States

Eleanor Health logo
Co-Founder

Eleanor Health

May 2019 - Present · 7 yrs

Eleanor Health is an integrated, evidence-based outpatient care and addiction recovery platform for opioid and other substance use disorders. Eleanor was conceived and launched out of the Oxeon Venture Studio.

Prep for Prep logo
Board of Trustees

Prep for Prep

Oct 2016 - Oct 2025 · 9 yrs 1 mo

New York City Metropolitan Area

Prep for Prep is one of the most amazing organizations and I'm honored to help them as a Trustee.  

Prep for Prep develops leaders through access to superior education and opportunities. Since 1978, Prep identifies New York City’s most promising students of color and prepares them for placement at independent schools in the city and boarding schools throughout the Northeast. Once placed, Prep offers support and opportunities to ensure the academic accomplishment and personal growth of each one of our students.  The expression, “Leaders Don’t Just Happen,” inspires everything we do.  

More than 4,500 Prep Alums are or have ssumed leadership positions in a wide variety of endeavors, and are living proof that the potential for academic and professional success exists in all ethnic groups and across all socioeconomic classes. Prep students, who come from modest backgrounds, succeed at the best independent schools in New York City, the top boarding schools in the country, and the most prestigious colleges and universities in the world.

Quilted Health logo
Co-Founder

Quilted Health · Part-time

Jan 2020 - Jan 2025 · 5 yrs 1 mo

Seattle, Washington, United States

Quilted Health is an evidence-based, community centered prenatal through maternity and postpartum solution for mothers, particularly those from underserved communities, helping to solve the inequities and disparities around maternal and fetal outcomes in the United States.  Quilted was conceived and launched out of the Oxeon Venture Studio.

Adjunct Professor

The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth

Jan 2018 - Jun 2023 · 5 yrs 6 mos

Hanover, NH

Co-teach the Entrepreneurship in Healthcare course at Tuck Business School.  We focus the course on methodologies for building de novo healthcare companies.

Engooden Health logo
Board Observer

Engooden Health

Nov 2020 - Jan 2023 · 2 yrs 3 mos

Cohort is a technology-enabled service leveraging AI/NLP to identify, engage and provide complex care management to the "next 45%" of a high risk patient population.  Town Hall Ventures invested alongside F-Prime Capital.

Ready logo
Board Observer

Ready

Dec 2019 - Jan 2023 · 3 yrs 2 mos

New York, United States

Town Hall Ventures logo
Co-Founder

Town Hall Ventures

May 2018 - Jan 2023 · 4 yrs 9 mos

New York City Metropolitan Area

Founder and General Partner of a healthcare technology/services investment fund focused on supporting solutions for vulnerable populations. 

Foresight Mental Health logo
Board Observer

Foresight Mental Health · Full-time

Aug 2020 - May 2022 · 1 yr 10 mos

Docent Health logo
Co-Founder, Board Chair

Docent Health

Jan 2016 - Jan 2021 · 5 yrs 1 mo

Greater Boston

Friends of Hudson River Park logo
Board of Directors

Friends of Hudson River Park

Jul 2013 - Jun 2017 · 4 yrs

New York, NY

Friends of Hudson River Park is an independent nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to the completion, care, and enhancement of the Hudson River Park, and is the designated fundraising partner of the Hudson River Park Trust.  We create opportunities for public contributions to and participation in the Park's operations and growth, to guarantee its future for generations of New Yorkers, Americans and visitors from around the world.

Board of Directors

CureSearch for Children's Cancer

Jul 2014 - Jan 2017 · 2 yrs 7 mos

Bethesda, MD

CureSearch for Children's Cancer funds and supports targeted and innovative children's cancer research with measurable results and is the authoritative source of information and resources
for all those affected by children's cancer.

Partner & SVP

Daversa Health

Jan 2010 - Nov 2011 · 1 yr 11 mos

Entrepreneur in Residence

GenXL

Mar 2008 - Jan 2010 · 1 yr 11 mos

CEO

Nature Technologies, Inc.

Jul 2004 - Oct 2007 · 3 yrs 4 mos

President & COO

Optimark (acq Ashton Tech to become VIE Financial)

2001 - 2004 · 3 yrs

Founder & CEO

Pagoda Corporation

Jan 1996 - Dec 1998 · 3 yrs

Vice President

Software Services International

Oct 1992 - Dec 1996 · 4 yrs 3 mos


More profiles for you

Sonia Millsom

· 2nd

CEO, Oxeon • Mission Driven • Healthcare Leader •  Investor • Value Based Care Innovator • Board Member


Follow
Megan Sheetz

· 3rd

Figuring it out at Worth Street

Message

David Whelan 

· 2nd

Co-Founder and General Partner at Town Hall Ventures


Connect

Patrick Sullivan 

· 2nd

Partner at Oxeon


Connect

Spencer Carrucciu 

· 2nd

Co-Founder, Chief Product Officer @ Aradigm | Driving sustainable access to cell & gene therapies


Connect

Show more

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Ari RobicsekStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.
Arclight Intelligence picture
Arclight Intelligence
